Update mx offline-first and related docs - for new offline microflow feature (#2345)
mendix/docs: content/refguide/committing-objects.md

When inside a [nanoflow](nanoflows), the object is refreshed across the client as if **Refresh in client** was set to *Yes*.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert type="warning" %}}

> When inside a microflow that has been called from a nanoflow in an offline profile, **Refresh in client** option will be ignored as if it was set to *No* (for more information, see [Offline](offline-first#4-1-microflows)).

Reviewer: How does that look?

```suggestion
When inside a microflow that is called from an offline native or hybrid app, **Refresh in client** option is ignored and work as if it is was set to *No*. For more information, visit [Offline](offline-first#4-1-microflows)
```
